Gazell support for nRF5340 network core (#8530)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_gzll.rst

To enable the Gazell support in the |NCS|, set the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_GZLL` - This option enables the :ref:`nrfxlib:gzll` library.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF` - This option enables HFCLK controller support.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_GAZELL` - This option enables the :ref:`gzll_glue` module.

.. _ug_gzll_resources:

Resources required
******************

Gazell uses a fixed set of peripheral resources in the 2.4 GHz SoC.
To ensure correct operation, Gazell requires exclusive access to the following resources:

* Radio
* Timer

> * Three PPI / DPPI channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Three PPI/DPPI channels
```

Each pipe maps to one on-air address used when transmitting or receiving packets.

The on-air addresses are composed of a 2-4 bytes long "base address" in addition to a 1-byte prefix address.

> The 2.4 GHz proprietary radio uses an alternating sequence of 0s and 1s as the preamble of the packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2.4 GHz proprietary radio uses an alternating sequence of 0 s and 1 s as the preamble of the packet.
```

.. note::

>    The byte order in Gazell and the nRF52/3 Series radio peripheral are not the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The byte order in Gazell and the nRF52 and nRF53 Series radio peripheral are not the same.
```

The Gazell Link Layer examples are not fully compatible out of the box with the legacy examples provided in the nRFgo SDK for the nRF24L IC.

The default timeslot period and channel tables require adjustment, as well as some setup to emulate the Gazell roles.

> The Gazell Low Power Host role (Host role 1) is not supported in the nRF52/3 Series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gazell Low Power Host role (Host role 1) is not supported in the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.
```

Depending on your project, do one of the following:

* Edit the :file:`gzll_params.h` file used in the nRF24L IC projects.

> * Use the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_set_channel_table()` function in the nRF52/3 Series projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_set_channel_table()` function in the nRF52 and nRF53 Series projects.
```

Timeslot periods
================

The Gazell Link Layer supports the following minimum timeslot periods:

> * 600 us timeslot period, nRF52/3 Series Gazell Device to nRF52/3 Series Gazell Host.
> * 504 us timeslot period, nRF52/3 Series Gazell Device to nRF24L IC Gazell Host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 600 us timeslot period, nRF52 and nRF53 Series Gazell Device to nRF52 and nRF53 Series Gazell Host.
* 504 us timeslot period, nRF52 and nRF53 Series Gazell Device to nRF24L IC Gazell Host.
```

Depending on your project, do one of the following:

* Edit the :file:`gzll_params.h` file used in the nRF24L IC projects.

> * Use the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_set_timeslot_period()` function in the nRF52/3 Series projects (nRF52/3 Series Gazell timeslot period = 0.5*GZLL_RX_PERIOD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the :c:func:`nrf_gzll_set_timeslot_period()` function in the nRF52 and nRF53 Series projects (nRF52 and nRF53 Series Gazell timeslot period = 0.5*GZLL_RX_PERIOD).
```

Emulating legacy Gazell roles
=============================

> The Gazell Link Layer protocol for the nRF52/3 Series is compatible with the most useful roles of the Gazell Link Layer for the nRF24L IC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gazell Link Layer protocol for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series is compatible with the most useful roles of the Gazell Link Layer for the nRF24L IC.
```
